<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- @format -->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="prism">
    <title>Prism JS</title>
    <shortdesc>
      This is a generic topic that is designed to test sub-topics in a variety of
      locations. It should always be referenced from a topicref element; specialized
      elements in this test get their OWN, very special topics.
    </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author type="creator">Jane</author>
        <publisher>AJ Printing Inc.</publisher>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2001"/>
            <copyrholder>IBM</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>Generic term</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <body>
        <p>
          Prism is a lightweight, extensible syntax highlighter, built with modern web
          standards in mind. It’s used in thousands of websites, including some of those
          you visit daily.
        </p>
        <ul>
            <li>
              <b>Dead simple</b> - Include prism.css and prism.js, use proper HTML5 code tags
              (code.language-xxxx), done!
            </li>
            <li>
              <b>Intuitive</b> - Language classes are inherited so you can only define the
              language once for multiple code snippets.
            </li>
            <li>
              <b>Light as a feather</b> - The core is 2KB minified &amp; gzipped. Languages
              add 0.3-0.5KB each, themes are around 1KB.
            </li>
            <li>
              <b>Blazing fast</b> - Supports parallelism with Web Workers, if available.
            </li>
            <li>
              <b>Extensible</b> - Define new languages or extend existing ones. Add new
              features thanks to Prism’s plugin architecture.
            </li>
            <li>
              <b>Easy styling</b> - All styling is done through CSS, with sensible class names
              like .comment, .string, .property etc
            </li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</topic>